[Applause]
[Music]
so as you can see this is not my normal
bathroom this is the hotel indigo and
Laingsburg Gary and I have moved in here
for a week because our apartment in
Williamsburg has to get new floor just
like NASA get completely ripped up
because they'll pump in flooded two
months ago it wasn't our fault it was a
some piping's
pipings the pipes that burst and the
wall and it flooded and rid of the floor
so they're replacing floors and they
were kind enough to put us up here and
after lots of back and forth let me tell
you they were not so kind of first but
I'm gonna take you guys through what my
day looks like today a little bit of
vlog I'm gonna work out we're gonna do a
little work together and I'll get to see
a little bit of the behind the scenes so
I'm just applying some vitamin C
ordinary vitamin C plus I have a
water-based moisturizer and mix them
together I'm using this moisturizer for
a really long time lineage water bank
hydration next up I have some drunk
elephant SPF daily SPF and I mix this
with naturopathic ax neroli facial oil
you can already see on Mike
a little bit from the vitamin C and the
moisturizer but this stuff like makes me
even more dewy and glowy this is my
favorite facial oil ever I'm obsessed
with it I just use a small man mix them
together this is my basic one skincare
routine that's what I do
so obviously you don't have make fun
because I just woke up but it gives me
like a really like bouncy dewy I look so
tired and put fresh look hi hello how
are you enjoying this hotel
I like our bed better yeah well I can't
complain it's nice are you getting at
him yeah okay it's all relative yeah
five minutes I don't know 30 minutes
three hours about to put this on this is
literally the extent of me getting
dressed most something like trackies I
just got these actually mmm
kind of obsessed with them and like some
kind of tank top or something and then
this is just a like sporty zip up and
yeah that's pretty much the type of
clothes I wear every day I wear real
people clothes just a lot a lot less
often so
[Music]
no I literally never do that but it's a
YouTube video so you know we go the
extra mile so normally I don't really
like prom a ton of makeup I'm just doing
my normal day today I know this looks so
dark this literally looks so dark but I
promise you it rubs in but I'm filming a
YouTube Q&A today which you're gonna see
you will have seen by the time this
comes out and I have some meetings not
in person you know online
oh I this is just um CC cream by it
cosmetics I have an itch like right here
oh my god and this is drunk elephant
sunshine sunshine travels and I just rub
it in kind of gives you like an oh wow
I got the proportions wrong oh my god
I've never done this before there's the
pressure pressure of the camera I'm just
gonna even it out this stuff's really
easy it's like a not a full coverage
foundation but it's enough that it
covers like I would say sort of like
happening patches or like red spots just
what's it called I mean it's gonna tell
I'm really really well I'm just gonna do
something like super basic today Carrie
do you need to get in here okay we've
started our day so late today
it's 941 yeah
Oh my camera is in the sink so now I
can't wash my hands how I think it's Bo
that does those videos where it's like
celebrities do their makeup show you
their makeup routine I don't know why I
love watching those but how do they get
the camera to like they must have one
that likes it's on the mirror because
they are always looking directly into
the mirror anyways this isn't vogue in
case you didn't know that sometimes I
put on a little bit of like small amount
of contouring and while that does its
thing I do my brows this is boy brow by
glossier I love this stuff I used to use
the color blonde because my hair is like
a dark blonde or light brown it's weird
it depends what light and the blonde
worked but I switched the brown and it
gives me like a much bolder brow which I
I'm into that so here we are and then I
let it dry because I'm gonna pencil in
the areas that are sparse and then I
just blend this in my Beauty Blender
I actually just bought a brush for my
contouring but I didn't bring it with me
in the hotel because like that's extra
nice this is it cosmetics bye bye
under-eye I'm gonna put some under my
eyes and cheekbones I don't do that like
B thing
people do on the to simmer and say that
probably not
sometimes I feel like I wouldn't say old
but like I'm on tick-tock and I'm
carrying another big dog that's my
defense it keeps you young
but yeah YouTube is so young YouTube in
tick-tock they're so young
luckily I have the face of like 40
neurons so this is milk makeup it's a
really like peachy blush I'm into it I
like peach tones for my skin and like
Pink's I'll kind of creamy orange Eeyore
Reds bright reds are tough with my skin
tone for some reason fill in my eyebrows
I don't know if you'll be able to see me
for this because I gotta get real close
[Music]
inside it always comes out better when
you do your brows I really want to try
getting my brows laminated so they could
just look like this every morning I
think that would be epic and save me a
lot of time okay at this point I have
everything on I usually take a loose
brush and a setting powder this is it
cosmetics bye bye pores I have really
small pores not to brag release my pores
anyways but sometimes I find like the
makeup I use is just pretty dewy so I
like to just set it with a little powder
before I add my highlighter I don't know
why I just feel like it stays on better
an eyeshadow I used to never use
eyeshadow primer but now if I'm gonna
wear eyeshadow I just like commit so I
put a little primer on the eyelid I also
have weird eye shapes like I don't know
if you can see but my eye is like I
can't do I have a create a fold so like
I can't do a winged eyeliner because see
that's part like it look it's like a
whole thing it's crazy so I just feel it
really simple I usually do like a cover
the whole eyelid with something neutral
and light
okay and then something a little bit
dork right but in the corners and the
crease
it's sort of like that I'm going to take
the
look at their crown and just drag it on
like yeah very outside man
curl my lashes and then I'm just gonna
put on mascara a little eyeliner and
highlighter and then I will be done
that's literally just it and I'm ready
just put some dry shampoo in my hair and
I'm gonna do some I have to figure out
what I'm doing right now I think I'm
gonna ten I'm gonna do a little bit of
work I'm gonna set up this really messy
desk area these are some flowers Gary
got me thank you Mary
so for food this week we actually
requested this mini fridge they brought
up an extra many friends should we have
two because I'm counting macros right
now and you know we like to buy
groceries so we have loaded up as much
stuff as we can in here so I'll show you
guys what I'm eating today I hard-boiled
eggs and I'm just gonna eat the egg
whites because I'm getting my healthy
fats from a bunch of other sources today
for breakfast or I should say like meal
one I'm gonna have some six egg whites
and I'm gonna have two slices of Dave's
killer bread then sliced good see it I
love this bread he makes yeah it's so
good so I right now for my macros I'm
eating five meals a day and it makes it
really easy to get protein in because
the I'm getting about 20 to 30 grams per
meal
so no meal is like too heavy on protein
because I should update you guys on my
personal challenge I'm I have honestly I
think I'm on a week
in our 8 and I'm down 5 pounds but I've
hit sort of a hit sort of a plateau just
like I was milking my maintenance
calories as much as I could so I didn't
have to step drop into a deficit and I
was still able to make a lot of progress
with all my maitenance calories but now
this week has just been really crazy and
I'm kind of letting myself just take a
breather because there's only so much I
can focus on right now but I'm not gonna
quit the challenge or anything I'm just
not going to this week I'm just kind of
I'm staying at my maiden's macros I
won't make progress this week both
maintenances progress really depends
what your goals are but in terms of the
goals I set at the beginning of this
challenge maintenance right now it's not
the goal I'm gonna get back to it when I
get back from this business trip I have
this weekend's in Atlanta and then
things should be a little bit more
manageable to be back in my apartment
like I said the other thing that's going
on will hopefully be more resolved and
I'll be in a better mindset not that I
don't really wait for mindsets to happen
but there are just times where you know
in your life okay now it's not the time
to push something I need to just take
care of my mental health or whatever so
yeah next week will be will be easier
logistics wise we'll be back in our
apartment
thank God
and I can have like the ability to cook
again and this has been a few hours it's
12:30
I just finished filming that live Q&A
that maybe some of you guys saw this was
my setup literally just set up on the
floor right here on this little pillow
with my matcha and yeah I know I changed
my outfit I was just like feeling this
outfit more little cozier I have a
meeting at one secret project so it's
1:45 I am eating turkey I made this
little salad it's very simple but it's
just lettuce black bean black olives and
Turkey so in that I'm having my protein
I'm having some greens which is good a
little bit of fiber black beans good for
carbs a little bit of protein and fiber
again and then the olives are for
healthy fats so I'm gonna eat this I'm
gonna do a little bit more content stuff
and then hopefully if I finish around 3
or 4 I'll be able to go to the gym then
and I have an upper body day so I'll
take you guys with me to that I am
finishing off my lunch with this brownie
I'm obsessed with these brownies they
get them from Whole Foods they're called
to bite brownies I make it four bites
because I'm savoring it but I eat some
form of chocolate or dessert or sugar
every day because I enjoy it and I love
it and a lot of times you guys ask me
how I do that which is why I'm filming
this and not just like my healthy food
or whatever so the way I do it is I eat
it at the end of a full PFF meal
proteins fats and fibers carbs meal that
way what I do eat it it keeps my blood
sugar level stable because I'm not
eating the sugar alone
it has a less dramatic effect on my
blood sugar and you want to keep your
blood sugar levels steady throughout the
day to keep your body in fat-burning
mode you're so good and on another note
I can't show it for copyright reasons
but I just watched a Widow's performance
in the the Grammys
it's so good oh my gosh go watch if you
haven't seen it it's so good she like
hops out this flute and just like
destroys destroys it on the flute I
didn't even know she could buy and flew
it was so surprising they kind of
reminded me of that scene though and
anchorman where what's his name like the
main really playing his aim but you know
who I'm talking about the main the lead
like is in that jazz bar and isn't right
he's trying to impress that girl and he
just like hops up on the table and
starts taking out of a flute it
kind of gave me anchorman vibes but I
was I'm with it I think I think it was
so good it was so good so I'm gonna go
enjoy his brownie and then you go back
to work
so I'm bout to go to the gym this is
sort of I guess my physique right now I
am feeling very strong I'm feeling very
lean about 100 and 1718 pounds right now
and yeah I'm just enjoying this shape
right now it's been fun I am going to
have a snack before we head out like a
little pre-workout snack I'm going to
have some kind go Gertrude NOLA some 0%
fahai yogurt and banana I'm gonna make
it right now I'm starting with the foie
hey this is your person I should to mix
it up I'm putting the Phi on here
because when you
here's something with a spoon it's
actually easier to take it out and get a
negative value on the scale it's more
accurate than putting it into a bowl
because of the stuff on the spoon so you
can see taking this out it's already 20
grams on the spoon alone and if I had
just tried to put this in the bowl
there's still B's has to do on the spoon
so I'm going to measure out 150 grams
granola I like this one because it's
delicious it also has a good amount of
fiber you can see that it has not a lot
of added sugar has a little bit of added
sugar as any any granola is going to
have but this is like one of the less
processed ones it has some fats mostly a
carb a little bit of protein and fiber
so I'm gonna add 30 grams and then
lastly I'm gonna add about 85 grams of
banana this is a great snack because
it's high in carbs and protein and
that's pretty much what you want to
prioritize when you are looking to work
out for your post-workout and then you
want to have some after as well because
it replaces your glycogen stores and
helps to repair those muscle tissues so
in terms of timing try to do it within
the hour
I just always find that you know we tend
to kind of like obsess over the the
small minut details meal timing and how
many minutes after I work out should I
eat carb cycling like things that are
like expert level if you're pouring
water into a pyramid obviously the water
is gonna fill up the bottom first right
that's gonna go into the Foundation's
and you can't fill up a pyramid any
other way and so I like to say that the
bottom of the pyramid is like your
Health Foundation's right it's like
where you spend the most time and effort
to achieve your healthy lifestyle and
your results this is true for any
endeavor the people who are a really
good at stuff and who get results in it
achieve things they are really
they've mastered the basic so you can
never be too good at just being
consistent going to the gym and doing
those types of things and then once
you've like had a lot of time and you're
a passed intermediate level you start
worrying about the smaller details like
the things at the top of the pyramid
like your curb cycling like how fast to
eat a meal after you work out those
types of things come later like it's
better to just focus on really just
optimizing and the basic set first so
I'm gonna eat this as a pre-workout meal
not really that hungry but I'm gonna try
to get something in and maybe I'll bring
it with me if we can't finish it and
then we'll go to the gym together so
you're gonna start with a warm-up
Passover's bring the band overhead and
then back open up the chest stretching
the chest mostly in the back then you're
gonna move on to single arm
pass-throughs upper body warm up don't
skip these don't skip these are all now
and then you're gonna do a tricep
overhead and lat
stretch with the band's opening up your
lats tricep just getting warmed up and
then you're gonna do some band of
pull-up arts there's the four band
exercises you're gonna start with the
warm-up you're gonna move on to
faithfuls
so the band is attached to whatever and
you're pulling it towards your forehead
squeezing your shoulder blades together
in the back okay so you're warming up
the smaller muscles at the back with
this exercise next up we're gonna do
some scapular pull-ups so these are
really good for cleaning your scapula to
be healthy you want to basically by
pulling the shoulder blades down and
back you'll pull yourself up a few
inches you're not using your arms you're
using your lats and your back for this
moving on to the actual workout and this
workout was created by Lizzie cardi
freiza forte thank you so much starting
with really slow and controlled chin-ups
I'm pulling myself up really slowly
keeping my shoulders down and back I'm
holding at the top for a solid three
seconds and then going down as slow as
I possibly can okay I'm just doing five
reps of these with 30 seconds in between
so it's really imperative that you go
slow and you really do each rep to like
the maximum time under tension that you
can now if you cannot do a unassisted
chin-up don't worry you can use the lat
pulldown machine with your hand palms
facing you or you can use a band you can
wrap of bands around the top and step
into it and have that as a support next
up benchpress if you have not done a
barbell bench press start with dumbbells
you don't have to start with a barbell
barbells and more it's most bands from
chest pops this is a complicated setup
if you've never done it basically you
want to make sure your feet are planted
really nice and the ground you squeeze
your glutes together tight core to your
butt is on the bench and your upper
backs on the bench but not your mid and
lower back you want that to be in a
slight extension so it's off the bench
and you get the best mechanics of this
when you're able to puff your chest out
squeeze the core when you're doing
exercise you'll feel it more in your
front delts which are your shoulders and
your pecs next up we have some overhand
inverted rows these are great for your
back working your back with this I was
trying to pull it for one second at the
top keep my shoulders down you don't
want to use your traps you want it to be
your back and really squeeze at the top
we had reverse delt flies so with these
it's easy to get have overactive traps
that's the part of your neck let's store
every day from sitting at a desk so with
these you want to just go slow go
lighter with the weights and bend over
bring the belly button in and when
you're coming back going overhead you're
gonna pause for one second at the top
really squeeze the shoulder blades
together nice slow and controlled on the
way down just don't go too fast through
this exercise all right we're getting
here to the end this is an insane set
and when Lizzie Chris gave this to me I
was like she gonna
tell me am I gonna have shoulders
tomorrow like basically it's like a mega
set so you do 12 reps at I did 10 pounds
and then you rest for 10 seconds you do
another Kove reps at a lighter weight
breast for 10 and then another 12 reps
at a lower weight and that mega set is
one set and we do that four times so
it's four sets total and in each of the
four sets there's three mini sets and
then you rest for 60 seconds in between
each mega set so if you want to build
some shoulder boulders this is a good
place just don't jump into this if
you've never done shoulders before
you'll have so much muscle soreness so
just take it easy and then lastly it
finished off to c4 we have side planks
with reach i weighted it with five
pounds
you really want to just squeeze the
obliques at the side of your core and
take it easy hold tension in the core of
the whole time and keep your shoulder
blade and its socket don't let your arm
be like all willy-nilly like this is one
of those gas stations popper things and
that's it you guys that is the workout I
didn't thank you Ruthie
so this might seem kind of sad it's
probably the saddest meal of the day but
one of the meals that I planned to make
Roz in this hotel cuz I can't cook mom
and though it's how what's on this
chocolate shake I didn't turn out really
good so I making do with what I have and
I really just have tuna fish
so that's what I'm eating for dinner
typically if I was making this at home I
would you know put some celery in it
some mayonnaise like a little bit maybe
some carrots some sweet relish some
lemon juice and make like a nice tuna
salad I just don't have those
ingredients so it's still gonna be fine
it's gonna taste simple and it's gonna
hit my macros and I'll feel satiated so
it is what it is so I
I couldn't do it I ended up leaving
about an ounce to make room for
something more palatable I had like four
ounces of chocolate milk which was
delicious and then I had a few chips
these are so good oh my god not healthy
like I'm not they're not healthy they're
these like rolled tortilla chips and
they're like chili in line they taste
like a healthy Dorito head five of them
so yeah just goes to show you I don't
hit my macros perfectly every day just
ballpark but I can still see progress
that way really well you want to be
within like 10 grams for carbs and
protein and about 5'4 fats so I still
had that even if it was a little wonky
and I feel really satisfied and I'm also
full because I have three ounces of
protein all right you guys I'm gonna
sign off here I just showered and I'm
gonna do a little bit more work it's I
think 8 p.m. but nothing really
interesting is gonna happen Gary comes
home around 10 ish if you enjoyed this
vlog please subscribe and give it a
thumbs up give it a like to support this
channel and I hope you guys have an
amazing rest of your week and we will
chat real soon do you next time
[Music]